Li Qiang
How much did you get from Su Wanqiang?
How dare you slander me like this
Grandpa, don't trust him.
Grandpa, Uncle Li didn't talk about my benefits
And it's true.
You are talking nonsense.
You have always been in charge of this project.
You are just afraid that others will say that you are a kickback.
Just poured dirty water on me
Grandpa Aqiu
You have disappointed me so much.
Grandpa, what do you mean?
Do the math yourself
6 years ago, you regretted Kun
Dude you stinky beggar
Buy people's hearts after taking it back six years later
I want to ask the Su family to fall into a place of eternal disaster
Su Zhenguo, are you an old fool?
What are you doing with your old debts from six years ago?
I already know my grandfather's attitude
No matter what I say
What is right or wrong to do?
Grandpa will never forgive me for my mistakes 6 years ago
Even if this matter is nailed to the plate
Suzman did the nail
Grandpa still speaks for him
Why is that?
Because Su Shiman's Lao Guo is the Zhang Family Baicaotang
And my husband
Just a beggar
shut up
You are so tiger teeth